[Music]
let's mix it up
[Applause]
[Music]
ah damn your sister's so ugly she breaks
the picture frame yet strangely you feel
compelled to save her after she's
kidnapped what a caring brother you are
it's a good thing that you're competent
fighter unless you're controlled by me
in which case it's the art of losing
otherwise known as the art of fighting
originally released for the Neo Geo in
1992 now available for the Neo Geo
station on PlayStation 3 now for what
it's worth I don't find this to be one
of the most playable Neo Geo fighting
games I really prefer the King of
Fighters series and well the art of
fighting three or fatal fury this one is
very rigid in its gameplay it's a lot
like Mortal Kombat not stylistically
they're obviously very very different
but like Mortal Kombat it's just not
that playable unless you know every
single special move and exactly when to
pull them off if you're more of a casual
fighting game player and you want to
just jump around and punch and kick
people and throw some fireballs with
more characters and faster gameplay
check out the King of Fighters 94 or any
of the King of Fighters games or the
Street Fighter series Capcom vs. SNK
games like that this one feels a bit
rigid to me now there's many people who
watch this show that probably think this
is one of the better SNK fighting games
and for all I know it is if you're into
the the really competitive style but I'm
more casual in my approach to fighting
games now one of the things that's cool
is that during the storyline you get to
strengthen your character or increase
their spirit level you can only pull off
so many of those like fireballs or
special moves before your spirit runs
out spirit otherwise known as whatever
drugs you've taken to produce fireballs
in the first place
try as I might I cannot throw fireballs
at people across the room that would be
like having a flame thrower on you at
all times and that would be amazing
but not quite as amazing as the writing
or translations in this game rats with
an apostrophe s what the rats what what
what do that what do the rats have was
he using rats as an insult what do you
have against rats that speciesist and
grammatically incorrect the bouncer
knows something like how to ride a bike
good for them wait the bouncer is king
who is also in that the King of Fighters
as other characters in this game are in
other SNK games and Capcom vs. SNK if
you've heard about how cool the Neo Geo
fighting games are then you've heard
correctly although I'm not sure this is
the one that I would start with the King
of Fighters 94 is also available on
PlayStation 3 as is fatal fury another
one of the older ones the presentation
here and the presentation in all of the
PlayStation 3 re-releases of SNK
classics is fantastic excellent visuals
they look great in HD and it sounds
clear too
[Music]
Hey look at that it almost appeared that
I knew what I was doing there for a
moment this is really a very tactical
game and you'll lose quickly if you just
try to jump in and punch people without
mercy you've got to wait for a while
until you find an opening and then
strike like a cyborg Panther attacking a
mutated funny rabbit with three years
this entire scene reminds me of
something out of a 1991 John Woo film
which I guess is not surprising
considering this game was released in
1992 and wouldn't it be a better
tomorrow if we all had a bullet in the
head while watching hard target I've
officially run out of things to say
about this game
polish Kings a girl after all these
years playing I actually I did know that
but it's like a dramatic reveal as if
you've just walked into a Burger King
only to find out it's actually a Dairy
Queen what do you mean I can't get a
whopper take your Blizzard and shove it
it's the art of fighting on PlayStation
3 and of course you can find this on the
Neo Geo game consoles as well now I'm
hungry for a whopper blizzard can they
combine those two
[Music]